English sentence
Are you sure?
I love you.
This is my friend Rachel. We went to high school together.
I have a headache.
Where there's a will, there's a way.
I don't want to go to school.
Don't forget about us!
How much is it?
Can you keep a secret?
What are you doing?
What are you doing?
You have many books.
You have many books.
You are teachers.
Do you remember?
How is your family?
What's new?
I'd like to rent a car.
Have a nice day.
If he had stayed at home that day, he would not have met with disaster.
If I had known it, I would have gone there.
Take a taxi to the hotel.
What is the language spoken in Brazil?
What?
I don't have a ticket.
Don't forget to post the letter.
Would you like another cup of coffee?
Our cat is in the kitchen.
I come from England.
It looks like a duck.
Are you studying?
Do you speak Japanese?
How are you? What sort of day are you having today?
All of us stared at her.
We are students.
I have a telephone in my room.
I am an American.
I come from Australia.
I have a computer.
I come from Brazil.
I have an old bicycle.
I come from Saitama.
I am a teacher.
Who am I?
I want to live.
I'll come back.
Do good to those who hate you.
God created the world.
Someone knocked on the door.
Turn off the light.
I come from Japan.
He comes from England.
He is eating.
She comes from California.
I don't know.
Who are you?
Who are you?
You are my friend.
I have a dog.
How are you today?
How are you today?
She hated him.
She didn't like him.
Are you at home?
What's your name?
Are you hungry?
Are you hungry?
He is teaching Arabic.
Could I have the bill, please?
How is the family?
Love is blind.
I go to school.
Don't worry.
It would have been better if you had not gone there.
How are things?
How are things?
They come from Sweden.
You are children.
Why are you drinking water?
He is responsible for it.
She is responsible for it.
What is this thing used for?
I have succeeded in doing it.
I have done it.
Colorless green ideas sleep furiously.
It's a pretty house.
My pen is new.
Is there a washing machine in the house?
Do you know this lady?
Who is this man?
Yes, I am married.
I come from Colombia.
Do the children go to school?
If you don't understand, ask.
The man is eating bread.
Who is reading?
It's a new book.
The boy has a newspaper.
Is there any reason for that?
Why is this so, Yusufu?
Yes, there are two important reasons.
In the first place, women have more free time than men. In the second place, they have fewer things to worry about than men.
The men go to work.
The men are generally tired when they come back from work.
Sometimes they say, "I can't go to school today. I'll go tomorrow."
In that case, they fall behind.
I've heard that you don't eat green leafy vegetables. You say that it is food for animals.
That's nothing but a lie!
The people there are not so dumb.
They know what "vitamin" means.
When you don't eat leafy foods, you can't get vitamins.
I was quite surprised.
I was surprised that when I heard that people really don't eat leafy vegetables.
That's not true at all.
I see that the time is approaching, Yusufu.
I must hurry to catch the train.
Fine. I'd be very happy if you would drop me a line as soon as you get to Mwanza.
Tell me all about the trip you've made.
Tell me how you will take the steamer from Mwanza to Bukoba.
Good bye, and safe trip.
Good bye, and thanks.
You'll see it for yourself.
Ask God that you may visit that country some day.
"Father, why are you putting on clean clothes?" "Because I'm going to church."
"Do you want to go to church with me, Daudi?" "No, father. I don't want to today. I'll go by myself tomorrow."
But your mother is going too.
Even if I'm going to stay at home by myself, I'm not going any place at all today.
I do not want any bananas at all.
I do not want any milk at all.
I do not want anybody at all.
We did not see a single game.
We did not see any children at all.
He does not have any relatives at all.
He does not have any friends.
"I shall go to the market this afternoon. How about you?" "No, I will not go."
"I shall buy a new house. How about you?" "No, I will not buy one."
"Juma will pay school fees. How about Hamisi?" "No, he will not pay them."
"Juma will help his friends. How about Hamisi?" "No, he will not help them."
"My friends will learn Nyamwezi. How about yours?" "No, they will not learn it."
"Will you go to the market with Juma?" "No, I shall go alone."
"Will Juma go to the market with Hasani?" "No, he will go alone."
"Will the children stay at home with their mother?" "No, they will stay alone."
"Will the porters come with their master?" "No, they will come alone."
"Do you want this orange?" "No, I don't want any orange at all."
The boy is eating bread.
He comes from Genoa.
He comes from Geneva.
Fight for your right.
Magdalena and Ania are good friends.
The cat is eating.
If I had known, I would not have come.
Could you say that again?
Do you know this song?
You're pretty.
My name is John.
That's a tree.
See you tomorrow!
I'm not an idiot.
They are not coming today.
I've lost my keys.
Where do you know each other from?
You are a student.
I can't sleep.
I'm from England.
He comes from Wales.
I came yesterday.
I look forward to it.
Where are we now?
Listen.
I want to go.
They're bad.
I come from America.
They're children.
I can walk.
I'll save you.
I didn't take anything.
I come from Boston.
Do you want my heart between your teeth?
Is your mum at home?
I know it was strange.
I must tell you something.
I have a cat.
I have two cats.
Do not drink the water in the dirty glass!
A promise is a debt.
I ate the meat.
I'm not a doctor.
I'm a woman.
Children are the flowers of our lives.
She is a singer.
I wrote a book about China.
What's your nationality?
It's three o'clock.
Jorge speaks four languages.
Do you remember her name?
I can speak your language.
I found one.
Mary knows me.
Emily wrote the sentence.
I hate maths.
I'm drinking water in the kitchen.
I'm not a fangirl.
You broke the table you were sitting on.
Don't smoke in bed.
How are you this morning?
Please bring me eggs.
Do you want food?
Do you want eggs?
Do you want fruit?
Do you want fruit?
Please bring me fruit.
Please bring me porridge.
What kind of food is there?
There is gruel.
Do you want gruel?
Yes, bring me gruel.
There is fruit.
Would you like some fruit?
Are there any bananas?
He's been drinking beer.
I go on foot.
Melanie likes music.
She is my teacher.
The man is strong.
I'm not listening to music.
My book is here.
A monarch had six sons.
I'm cooking.
You're cooking.
She's cooking.
They're reading a book.
You're reading.
He's reading.
They're writing.
We're writing.
You're writing.
You're writing.
She's cooking now.
We're cooking now.
I'm eating a sandwich.
The horse is black.
Do you eat fish?
I want to drink tea.
The horse is not white.
This horse is white.
This horse is not white.
She's a doctor.
She's a good woman.
Their car is not good.
She is a good student.
You're not a man.
You're not a woman.
I went to the bank.
My wife went to the farm.
His money is in the bank.
It surprises me.
The girls work.
Pua sang at church.
Pua is singing at church.
I finished writing.
He is inside this house.
The birds are red.
The stone is heavy.
Are you anxious?
The man wants to know the truth.
The woman wants to know the truth.
The boy wants to know the truth.
The girl wants to know the truth.
Nobody knows the truth.
Melanie is not a fortune teller.
Millie is drinking water.
Millie isn't drinking water.
It was the truth.
You can tell the truth.
You can't go there.
Millie loves chocolate.
Millie will tell us the truth.
Millie is very cute.
I love you, Millie!
Millie has beautiful eyes.
Millie has green eyes.
Millie has blue eyes.
She'll pass the exam for sure.
Millie is learning Swahili.
Millie is hungry.
Millie loves him.
Millie is going to school.
Millie loves me.
Millie has a cat.
Millie has a dog.
Millie is eating bread.
Millie is listening to music.
Millie is eating a banana.
Millie has a book.
Millie is reading her book.
I'm reading my book.
I'm going on a trip.
Millie is eating an apple.
Millie isn't eating an apple.
I like your body.
You don't have brown eyes.
He doesn't have a gun.
Does she have a new computer?
The girl has a white horse.
She has red flowers.
The boy has a horse.
We didn't come.
The book isn't new.
Your cat is black.
I have a Twitter account.
My brother has a Twitter account.
I want to go fishing.
The library is to the right.
The library is to the left.
I will say.
She attacked the enemy.
I can read.
There are students in the library.
What can we drink?
I don't want to go to the bank.
The students sit at the desk.
I'm Tibetan.
I'm not Tibetan.
That was a very sad story.
Hamisi uses sugar.
Hamisi wants sugar.
My friend wants sugar.
My friend wants milk.
My friend uses sugar.
Hamisi doesn't want sugar.
Hamisi doesn't use sugar.
Hamisi doesn't use milk.
My friend doesn't use milk.
My friend doesn't use sugar.
My friend doesn't want sugar.
The children use sugar.
There is not enough bread.
There is not enough milk.
There is not enough fruit.
There are not enough oranges.
There are not enough mangoes.
There are not enough mangoes.
There's not enough food.
There is not enough butter.
There is not enough meat.
There is not enough tea.
There is not enough coffee.
There is not enough gruel.
There are not enough bananas.
I want to be an actress.
He is not a child.
Give me fire.
He brought me coffee.
It is Anita's house.
This is my third week.
She's boiling eggs in the kitchen.
I sleep naked.
There are islands in the sea.
The fish can swim.
There are a lot of big cities in Brazil.
The Russian language is a Slavic language spoken natively in Russia, Belarus, Ukraine, Kazakhstan and Kyrgyzstan, and is widely used, although without official imprimatur, in Latvia, Estonia and many other countries that form the constituent republics of the former Soviet Union.
It's not that simple.
Burj Khalifa is currently the tallest skyscraper in the world.
I'm in the kitchen.
Where is Mary?
Where is Tom?
Where's Tom?
Look at that photo.
This is my cat.
The boy is jumping.
The horse is jumping.
What's your name?
Hello, what's your name?
I don't understand you.
I don't understand.
I drink water.
Where are the books?
It doesn't matter.
No worries.
All of these sentences need a full stop.
I don't know you.
I want bread.
Tláloc likes to travel.
Tláloc likes travelling.
Water is life.
Languages have hard words.
If he had had time, he would have gone.
I ate eggs yesterday.
My children live in New York.
For how long will you stay?
If I don't eat, I will die.
We didn't see any children at all.
We didn't see a single game.
What's this thing used for?
Hi!
Good question.
I have a question.
I felt ill.
I felt bad.
He is a good student.
I don't know what to say...
Elephants eat grass.
If you don't understand, ask.
If you do not understand, ask.
It's not important.
It's not important.
It isn't important.
Languages have difficult words.
Stay home.
Why!
Alright, OK.
Happy New Year!
Millie doesn't drink water.
We want complete sentences.
I'm French and she's American.
I am French and she is American.
I'm French and he's American.
I am French and he is American.
Who's she?
Who is she?
The tank is empty.
The tank is full.
What is my room number?
There was nobody.
You must go home.
Tom is a teacher.
Tom is at school.
Tom was at school.
There's no reason to be afraid.
What is the price?
I'm ready.
The car is out of order.
How much must I pay?
When will we arrive?
Go straight ahead.
Please close the window.
I'm thirty now.
Good morning, people!
She needs help.
I'm happy.
I'm not happy.
I know that I know.
I don't want any bananas at all.
What's my room number?
I don't want any milk at all.
I don't want anybody at all.
I've had enough of your anti-science poverty.
You wanted to tell me about freedom?
I started learning Chinese last week.
You are a good student.
You have to turn in the reports on Monday.
What do you intend to do?
Where are you from in Canada?
You always like to trip me up, don't you?
Prices are high these days.
The bridge is open to traffic.
Fish, please.
You'll miss the train if you don't hurry.
Discussion is based upon mutual respect.
In the days of the knights, they wore shields to protect themselves from sword-fight wounds.
We can say that Japan was fighting a constant battle against hunger during the war.
If the quality of your product meets with our customer's approval, we will place regular orders.
During the press conference, the President touched on foreign relations.
A whistle blew, and the boat slowly began to pull out of port.
I met Naomi on my way home and we had a chat.
After having fought many hard battles, we were able to bring home the bacon and set up a new government.
Strange to say, he didn't know the news.
Billy often hits his face against windows.
If it becomes stubborn indeed it stands alone.
The audience was excited at the game.
He left his team as he could not get along with the manager.
Shouts of joy burst forth.
I beat him completely in the debate.
You have our permission to include our software on condition that you send us a copy of the final product.
An old oak is groaning in the storm.
My forehead burned with fever.
I graduated from the school.
Remember to post the letter on your way to school.
This was third school shooting incident in six months.
Indeed she is young and beautiful, but she is in delicate health.
If you shout from the top of a cliff, you can hear the echo of your voice.
A cellar was dug on top of the hill and they slowly moved the house from the road to the hill.
All aboard!
All right, everyone, let's not stand on ceremony tonight. Cheers!
Everybody took a hostile attitude toward illegal aliens.
The pirates buried their treasure in the ground.
By studying overseas, students can come into contact with other manners and customs.
If you go underwater, hold your nose and blow to clear your ears.
There go the twelve bars blues.
Hearing the monster's footsteps, they began running in all directions.
We could hear the groans of the injured man.
Finding a solution that worked was a process of trial and error.
His official title at the company is Assistant to the President.
My stomach started growling right there in the meeting. It was embarrassing.
Meetings are to be held on the afternoon of July 15 (Tuesday), all day July 16 (Wednesday), and the morning of July 17 (Thursday).
It would help us if you would reserve the following hotel during our conference.
The artist captured the charm of the lady.
Our company has annual sales of a thousand million yen.
We are, in large measure, responsible for students' success in the entrance exam.
We are entitled to vote at the age of twenty.
We sang songs in chorus.
We did our best only to fail.
We have to bring our teaching methods up to date.
We're booked for the whole month on Broadway.
We are familiar with the legend of Robin Hood.
We were granted the privilege of fishing in this bay.
Our total debts amount to ten thousand dollars.
Our ultimate goal is to establish world peace.
This new product of ours is a serious blow to our rival company.
In case the shipment is delayed, we have special delay insurance.
The plan announced Tuesday calls for $54 billion in tax cuts.
Would you like some fruit?
Technology has failed to ease the conflict between man and nature.
Science is based on careful observation.
We're goin' home.
I delighted in going to his farm during the summer vacation.
In summer, eggs soon go bad.
May I help you ma'am?
Because the store is so small, he has to wear many different hats, from accountant to stock boy.
I want something with which to write.
I'm just a boy who makes mistakes.
My papa said no.
The prince was turned by magic into a frog.
The king was famous for his splendid palace.
The royal palace was built on a hill.
May I take your size, madam?
After his wife left him, Harold went nuts.
Instead of beating around the bush, Jones got straight to the point.
The sky had become threatening before I got to the station.
Unlike Great Britain, the Upper House in the United States is an elected body.
English isn't easy to master.
I like English best.
I would have liked to see the ending of the film, but I had to leave the theater.
Lack of exercise may harm your health.
There is no limit to the universe.
I drank too much and the ground seemed to spin under my feet.
A festival is held at the rice harvest.
A single step, and you will fall over the cliff.
Where's the nearest department store?
Generally speaking, Japanese women are modest.
No sooner had we finished working on one tough problem than the president sent us yet another straight from the top.
Please return one set to us with your signature.
He said to me, 'Study hard, or you won't pass the test.'
If you don't study hard, you'll continue to get poor scores.
One murder makes a villain, millions a hero.
Instead of going myself, I sent a messenger.
The amount of paper produced by a country is closely related to its cultural standards.
I went to the South Pacific for a summer of romantic adventure.
Medical science has made a dramatic advance.
It is hard for an empty sack to stand straight.
The stomach is one of the internal organs.
The data to be discussed below was collected in the following way.
The smaller the body, the more likely the person will suffer from the ill effects of radiation.
Greetings are the basis of good manners.
It is not until we lose our health that we recognise its blessing.
We were sweating in the heat.
I am not the Christ but I am sent ahead of him.
We elected Jeffrey captain of our team.
Crime is certainly on the increase in many of our big cities.
In the London underground there is a warning to "mind the gap" when boarding the train.
In London, the police are always worried about finding a bomb on the train or subway.
On his arrival in London, he sent me a telegram.
During his stay in London, he is going to visit his cousin.
It is Mrs. Lee, Susan's mother, in London.
Robert is the fifth wheel on the safety committee.
Los Angeles is the second largest city in the United States.
Lola danced with grace.
The surprise party for Laura is not tonight, but tomorrow night.
Roy looks happy when his girlfriend calls him.
Can you take his place, Leo?
The horse that won the race was owned by Mr Johnson.
The rangers decided to go to the sailor's rescue.
The bike ride told on Louie.
The other girls are jealous of Lily because she is extremely pretty.
Meanwhile, the foolish uncle was sitting in the living room.
Richard said his mother was ill, which is a lie.
Liz has been dead for eight years.
The lion is the king of the jungle.
Europe is now reported to be entirely free of new cases of this disease.
Yo, my man!
Hence 50 percent of the muscle can give way to fat.
By and by, the bitter north wind began to blow.
Molly has a large clock.
Of course I remember the news quite well.
I'll be deeply affected by his death.
Hello, is this the personnel department?
I barely escaped being hit by the truck.
I don't have enough RAM.
Meg is curious to know everything about Japan.
The maid came in bearing a cake.
In many parts of the world, there is not enough food to meet everyone's needs.
It seems as if everything he touches turns to gold.
It's just like walking on the moon.
Mummy and Daddy are very nervous.
Fires are less frightening today than they once were, because more and more houses are built of concrete, and concrete houses do not burn as easily as the old wooden ones.
More and more doctors have begun to use the new medicine.
Mountain bike racing has caught on with young Japanese in the past few years.
Mr White said that because of the convention, there were no rooms available.
Bob told Jane not to interfere in his personal affairs.
Boxing is not always a rough sport.
The ball rolled on the ground towards me.
The ball rolled across the lawn.
Paula and I cooked dinner on Sunday.
I blew my whole bonus on shopping and travel.
A new team was formed in order to take part in the boat race.
Mr Hawk is a kind gentleman.
Can I borrow your pen?
Benjamin shot a bear with a rifle.
The bell rang. The teacher told the students to hand in the papers.
Perry decided to gain information from Drake.
Betty has a sweet voice.
The total at the bottom of the page is carried forward.
Fred, behave, and I'm not joking, either.
Could you gift wrap it?
It seems that Mr Brooke is an honest man.
I like my brandy straight.
I would appreciate it if I had the opportunity to meet with Mr Brown again during his stay in Chicago.
You should have Mr Brown correct your speech before the presentation.
Mr Brown is jealous of his colleague's success.
Mr Brown was acting in the capacity of ambassador.
We were all surprised at the appointment of Mr Brown as director.
Brian regrets starting a relationship with her and wants to escape from her.
The proof of the pudding is in the eating.
Mr Ford owns this land.
Why did Bill tear the letter into pieces?
Bill replaced Jim as captain.
Hitler assumed power in 1933.
It is pleasant to shave off my beard.
Who is the boy acting the part of Peter Pan?
Mr Hunt is principal of our school.
A ballet theater is a place in which I can study motion.
I saw a flash of lightning far in the distance.
If only I'd sold that property during the economic bubble, I wouldn't have suffered such a big loss.
So this is Lady Evans.
Kick with your legs straight to go forward.
Please remain seated until the bus stops completely.
Blow out all the candles on the birthday cake at once.
Nora looks up to her mother.
A rat ran across the road.
Put the cap back on the bottle in case the cat knocks it over.
Nick is by no means satisfied with the reward.
Nicole can speak Japanese very well.
I feel sort of dizzy and I feel like throwing up.
Why do American parents praise their children?
Dorothy isn't in the office.
You can pick out any book you like.
Tracy lost her glasses.
A bear is a friendly beast compared to a tiger.
We made up our mind to come in any case.
Sales have dropped off at every big department store.
Nobody knows exactly how many races make up the population of the United States.
I don't know which dress to choose; it's a toss up between the red one and the green one.
Which plan do you believe is better?
How can I pick out fresh fish?
Tell me about yourself, please, Sir Anthony.
I can't recall the exact words.
Therefore, a center for the development of human resources should be built in Japan.
The door remaining locked up from inside, he could not enter the house.
The doors were locked and we couldn't get in anyhow.
Television is a very important medium for giving information.
Debbie! Can you hear me?
You can get all kinds of things to eat if you go to the free samples area in a department store.
There is an advertising balloon flying above the department store.
Dennis doesn't have rough manners.
Ted's really got computers on the brain.
The alternative possibilities were resistance and flight.
I want a map of Texas on a scale of 1 to 250000.
There was a lamp hanging above the table.
Please join the two ends of the tape together.
Don't bite your nails.
Finally, in 1314, these games had become so violent and dangerous that King Edward II made a law.
A little bit of luck sometimes leads to an unexpected success.
Please enjoy yourself at the dance.
For example, they do not have to go to a stadium to see the World Series or the Super Bowl because they can enjoy watching the games in their own living rooms.
So, it isn't hot at all.
Most college students use computers mainly for writing papers.
Most people like watching TV.
In most cases, car accidents result from lack of sleep.
There's little chance of keeping slim, unless you stick to a diet.
The Soviet troops started to withdraw from Afghanistan.
They will help you to get warm.
It is a hall rather than a room.
That's just a cheap publicity stunt.
That's when we learned that the main post office was on fire and that they had kidnapped our president.
That was the only way we could defend ourselves against all this terrible shooting.
Then he got dressed, stuffed his lecture notes into his briefcase, and ran down the stairs.
It then became necessary to settle the best route for the line to follow; and that was determined, in the first place, by the shape of the land it had to cross.
Many a man believes the story.
The old doctor gave individual attention to each patient.
There are very few passengers in the train.
Will the therapy cause me any pain?
The track meet was called off on account of the heavy rain.
The brave knight steps forward and kisses the lady on the hand.
Let's leave the problem until tomorrow.
The colors of the pattern are very ordinary.
The widow suffered from stomach cancer.
The soldier lay injured on the ground.
The surface of the object is fairly rough.
The lady's funeral was held at the local church.
To prevent the disease from spreading quickly was not an easy task.
The airplane flies at a speed of five hundred kilometers per hour.
The cat took advantage of the high grass to creep on the bird.
The fire, driven by an east wind, destroyed the center of the city.
There are subtle differences between the two things.
The island is covered with ice and snow during the winter.
During that winter, writing occupied most of my free time.
The street is named for President Madison.
If that city were a color, it would be a color with a quiet sort of dignity ... wine red, say.
The town is located in the extreme north of Japan.
Among these there may be new sources of food fish and new species of other creatures.
The man was too fat to move by himself.
The country's foreign trade depends entirely on this port.
The villagers serve their own needs by taking turns driving the bus.
The campaign succeeded and he won the election.
The ship will set sail for Hong Kong tomorrow at 3 p.m.
Covered with dust, the doll stood in the corner of the room.
Terms were signed between Japan, Germany, Great Britain and the United States.
The castle stands three miles north of the town.
The girl tore the cloth.
The path continues straight ahead for miles on end.
The glove has a hole in the thumb.
A group of scientists stood by, ready to record the experiment.
Your success in the enterprise depends on your effort.
I arranged the business with Mr Brown.
The cruel man beat the dog with a whip.
That forest fire happened from natural cause.
The mountain is famous in myth and legend.
The author presented a copy of his latest book to me.
The performance was received with applause.
The ice on the lake is too thin to bear your weight.
The beauty of the lake is beyond description.
Only part of the building has been destroyed by the earthquake.
It's nothing impressive. It's just a bit part in that play.
The alarm sent everyone rushing out of the room.
The cop was shot on his beat.
The army was involved in a number of brilliant actions during the battle.
The lord held absolute power over his subjects.
The church was built hundreds of years ago.
The article was an invitation for public protest against the newspaper.
Students are forbidden to smoke on the school grounds.
The company couldn't cope with sudden changes.
The company's financial year runs from April until March of the following year.
I didn't commit myself to attend the meeting.
That song reminds me of a famous movie actor.
The scientist tried to discover Nature's laws.
The family has been cursed with poor health.
The dirty boy turned out to be a prince in disguise.
The director used his power to arrange a special place in the cinema world.
The driver really screwed up the team when he drove them to the wrong playing field in a different town.
The rumor became common property.
Whoever wins the race will receive the prize.
Bear in mind that, under such circumstances, we have no alternative but to find another buyer.
The boat uses a motor for the power.
The parade was led by an army band.
The data was completely useless.
The monkey took a banana by means of the stick.
The garbage is giving off a terrible smell.
Two can play at that game.
The money was put into a special fund to buy books for the school library.
Now, just let the clay slide between your fingers.
And they will continue to influence the world through the excitement of their literature, movies and music.
There you see the gate which Mr Jones built.
They were based on goods which the members of a society recognized as having value.
Mr Smith gave a lecture on literature.
Mr Smith is accused of breach of contract.
Mr Smith proposed marriage to Jane.
Talking of Professor Smith, his assistant is hard of hearing.
Mr Smith is within shouting distance.
A farewell party was held in honor of Mr Smith.
Please connect me with Mr Smith.
Every experiment required a protected environment and an entirely objective frame of mind.
The spy sent information by code.
Steve received a letter from Jane.
Scott received a very strict education.
Susan eats like a bird and leaves most of the food on her plate.
I beg your pardon. I didn't think this was your seat.
It is rude to stare at strangers.
John always breaks the ice in class.
John knows English history from A to Z.
Probably John will pass the examination.
Mr Johnson suddenly changed his mind and signed the contract.
I can't understand why John turned down a job as good as that.
The shopping center is a mile further down the road.
Mr Jordan woke up suddenly.
Mr George Bush is the forty-first president of the United States.
Georgia is his native state.
Julie received a Christmas card from her brother in Italy.
Don't drop cigarette ash on the carpet.
Jack and Betty have been going steady for a month.
Jack, Jill and Alice went up the hill.
Mr Jackson has recently transferred to Tokyo from Los Angeles.
You cannot rely upon Jim's words since he tries to please everybody.
Jim and Mike threw the ball back and forth.
Jimmy is to some extent capable of performing this operation.
But showing off the presents could embarrass the guests who did not bring one.
But in many ways, the bird called Alex is unusual, for it has shown the kind of mental abilities that scientists once thought only humans had.
Did Jerry really win a lottery?
Jeff thinks he will never fall in love.
The jet plane landed following the instructions of the control tower.
It is exciting to welcome Jane.
Jane must stop giving way to her desire for chocolate.
Whether Shakespeare wrote this poem or not will probably remain a mystery.
Sally called on Mr Taylor.
To make matters worse, he isn't even conscious of annoying his neighbors.
To make matters worse, he began to drink sake.
The whole soccer team was on cloud nine after winning the championship.
Let's break up the party.
Now, go and have a good time. The work can wait.
A map is available upon request.
The machine again made the usual noise and printed out the following analysis.
Such treatment would make anybody rebel.
If you request a further discount, we suggest changing the terms of payment.
These green leaves turn red or yellow in fall.
As these trees grow tall, they rob the grass of light.
What accounts for these symptoms hasn't been discovered yet.
In all my career as a travel agent, I never visited Africa.
It is something my mother made.
This is too good a chance to lose.
This tour takes in each of the five main islands.
Nothing can excuse him for such rude behavior.
This tree has been standing for five decades.
This book will be helpful to your study.
This art collection is rich in paintings by Dutch masters.
There seems to be some genetic problem with this animal.
Most snakes on this island are harmless.
The city was ruined by the brutal force of nature.
Is there a museum in this town?
The frequency of crime in the town is high.
This boy has a strong and healthy body.
I name this ship the Queen Elizabeth.
Add up this column of figures.
There are a great many books in this library.
This lady witnessed an accident at three o'clock this afternoon.
We'll need a head hunting agency to find the right man for this executive position.
When I have finished writing the letter, I will take you to the lake about two miles beyond the hill.
This clock strikes the quarter hour.
This job makes tremendous claims on our emotional strength.
According to this magazine, my favorite actress will marry a jazz musician next spring.
I hope this expense report contains all the relevant business expenses because I'm not paying a cent more after this.
Please accept our apologies for the trouble this matter has caused you.
This project will involve 50 trained staff members.
This church dates from the 12th century.
The butcher who sold me this beef is always friendly.
This rule does not apply to the case.
This machine answers to human voice.
I'd like to take advantage of this opportunity to thank you all for your cooperation.
This desk is different from the one I ordered.
This painting will pass for genuine.
I felt like a fish out of water at this firm.
The fire reduced the whole village to ashes.
The scientist is famous not only in Japan but also in foreign countries.
With this one exception, it is quite wrong to suppose that a simple culture will also have a simple language.
Does this bus go to the train station?
The owner of this bar never sells liquor on credit.
This theme should be treated in more detail.
This chocolate is very sweet and tasty.
This tire is showing wear.
This symbol stands for strength and integrity.
Don't pour hot water into the glass or it will crack.
The glass crashed to the ground.
This is Miss Curtis.
This is the TV station where my uncle works as an announcer.
Between ourselves, he keeps a mistress.
It's the same wherever you try and escape: everywhere is a death row, and everyone's a victim.
How long does it take from here to the station?
Gordon has had his head in the clouds all week.
I'd like seats about fifty yards from the court.
The coach made the players run five miles a day.
Kelly cleared his throat and begin to speak.
President Kennedy was killed, but his legend will live on forever.
It was not until Kay received the doll that she stopped crying.
Credit is the amount or sum placed at a person's disposal by a bank; a loan of money.
It's dangerous to tell Chris your secrets because he tells everybody.
Chris was hired to paint houses and was able to raise the money.
Cathy had her hat blown away.
The rough material hurt the child's tender skin.
Kim's smile was very sweet.
Playing country-western music on guitar is real kid stuff to a true professional.
Cancer can be cured easily if it is found in its first phase.
Hold the button down until you hear the shutter make a clicking sound.
The Catholic Church is opposed to divorce.
Cocktail parties can be boring.
It took me by surprise to hear that Carl was moving to Germany.
It was yesterday morning that I saw Mr Carter.
Excuse me for interrupting you, but would you mind opening the window?
Do you have any bags to check?
Your beauty turns me pale.
This way, please, mademoiselle.
The visitor has gone away five minutes before you came back.
Most funny stories are based on comic situations.
The man who nearly drowned began to breathe.
The opera starts at seven.
The frightened boy's voice was shaking with terror.
What a feast we had when we visited my aunt!
My grandma injured her leg in a fall.
Excuse me but, would you kindly lift that box for me?
My uncle retired from teaching last year, but he still managed to hang onto a position at the university.
Amy worked in the yard last Saturday.
That looks like the kind of guy who'd buy me lots of designer goods tee-hee-hee.
He's in the money.
Mr Wood has his secretary type his letters.
Mr Wood came to the door and spoke to Tony's mother.
In India, the cow is a sacred animal.
The Internet is very useful for knowing the circumstances of each part of the world.
I'm so sorry about what I did. I wish I could just crawl into a hole and die.
What a glorious fall day. This is what they mean by the lovely weather you get after a storm.
When shall I come for you?
Just wandering around can be a good way to travel.
No country should interfere in another country's internal affairs.
We have good news.
No, please dial nine first.
Anne accepted Henry's proposal.
I think Ann loves Jack.
One Sunday morning George burst into the living room and said the following.
One day Mike and Jane went downtown to do some shopping.
A woman lost her driver's license while she was shopping the other day at a department store.
Albert is engaged in foreign trade and often goes abroad.
Americans pay both federal taxes and state taxes.
The United States seems to have got caught up in the troubles between the three nations in Asia.
In American football the defense has a specific job.
In the justice system of the United States, there are twelve people on a jury.
In the United States it is popular for girls to learn to skip rope.
While some private and church schools in America have uniforms, they are not common.
She was the last person I expected to meet that day.
That store sells a wide range of goods.
That store sells many things besides furniture.
That building whose roof is brown is a church.
Look at those black clouds.
That theater has a foreign film festival every other month.
They are putting P on at that theater.
Men's suits are on sale this week at that department store.
That salesman looks pretty smart.
That commercial makes a strong impression - especially the music. It stays in your head.
Do you know who that tall blonde girl in green is?
The relationships among those five people are complicated.
Did you go to Ming's party last Saturday?
You've never been to Paris?
Your shipment should be delivered within twenty four hours.
You can't imagine it, can you?
If you act like a fool, you must be treated as such.
Mr Adams was foolish to agree to the proposal.
I make a special point of avoiding that shop.
Ireland and England are separated by the sea.
Ouch! My foot!
Oh, the toast is burned black.
Can you absolutely assure delivery by August 15?
Thank you for your letter of July 25 and the fabric sample.
After six hours' climbing, we finally succeeded in reaching the top of the mountain.
My airport shuttle bus leaves at six o'clock.
The third star belonged to a certain king.
March comes between February and April.
The path between the two houses was blocked by snow.
We have two spare rooms upstairs, neither of which has been used for years.
Sum up the passage within 200 words.
We'll release the final agenda on the morning of Monday, January 20, so please reply quickly.
A dollar is equal to a hundred cents.
During the Depression in the 1930's, many wealthy people lost everything in the stock market crash.
In 1860, Lincoln was elected President of the United States.
In 1853, Perry asked Japan to open the door to America.
In 1603, when King James I came into power, football was allowed again.
We must leave the hotel before 10 a.m., otherwise we will miss the train for Miami.
The fog began to disappear around ten o'clock.
Can you lend me a dime?
The words 'beautiful' and 'ugly' are relative terms.
"How are you feeling this morning?" "Pretty good, thanks."
What are you referring to by "relationship"?
You're taking on the company style.
By signing the contract, I committed myself to working there for another five years.
Thank you for the draft of the Agreement.
The police are investigating the cause of the crash around the clock.
The police broke up the fight.
The police are looking into the cause of the accident.
At the theater, Kathy changed seats with her mother.
Shot, huh?
He is by no means a pleasant fellow to associate with.
The gold cup was given to the winner of the final match.
Please accept this gift for the celebration on your wedding.
Patterns of married life are changing a lot.
Health is an important factor of happiness.
I am not in the least afraid of dogs.
The dog, seeing me beyond his reach, began barking.
The dog sat down by the man.
Training conditions workers to react quickly to an emergency.
Silk feels soft.
We can not be too careful in operating a nuclear power plant.
We currently have 200 well organized sales offices all over Japan.
Private charity is only a drop in the bucket.
Thank you for setting the record straight.
The operator told me to hang up and wait for a moment.
The birds ate the bugs taking turns.
We should draw the line between public and private affairs.
The ad agency has a lot riding on this account.
Attack is the best form of defense.
To make matters worse, it began to rain heavily.
I was offered the choice of tea or coffee.
Try not to make random statements.
Will you put a dot before the names of the successful students?
The torture made him confess to crimes he had not committed.
I congratulate you on your passing the state examination.
The United Nations makes efforts to keep the earth in a state of peace.
I cast aside my chains.
I will side with you just this once.
I will have been to New York twice this time.
You've worked hard this morning, Simon.
Did you see him at the station this morning?
I will have joined the ski tour five times when I join it again.
We are going to mount a hill near our school this Sunday.
Today, more and more people are changing jobs in order to get a better salary and higher social status.
Nowadays there is a close relationship between foreign relations and domestic affairs.
Nowadays, there are still a few groups of people in different parts of the world who do not have permanent homes.
According to today's morning paper, the condemned criminal committed suicide.
Today the new leaf sent out a bud.
I'm invited to Claudia's party tonight.
In a crowded train, I make it a rule to give my seat to old people.
The worst friend and enemy is but Death.
Recently the demand for this product has increased faster than the supply.
Two books stand out among the dozens recently published on the Royal Family.
Senior students have access to the library at weekends.
The attitude of the court toward young criminals is different from its attitude toward adult criminals.
Yesterday I wrote to Ellen.
A farewell party was held in honor of Mr Jones yesterday.
Profit on computers for the previous year was nearly ten percent higher than the current year.
Salmon go up the river and lay their eggs in the sand.
The murderer will soon confess his crime.
Unfortunately, the hotel that you suggested was completely booked up.
Collect your thoughts before you begin your work.
The butler announced Mr. and Mrs. Smith.
My sister works at the United States Embassy in London.
There are many doubts to a child.
I am never free from worries about my child.
The market drop has cleaned me out.
I'm on the road a lot, and my clients are complaining that they can never reach me.
The candidate whom I cast a vote for was elected.
They would never fuss about me if I were Fred Smith.
Every time I call on you, you're out.
We made for a pond at the foot of the hill.
Our club activities are always spoiled by his behavior.
Those who buy this comic book in our store are mostly junior high school students.
We have been discussing minor matters; it's high time we began talking turkey.
We regard Dr. Brown as the best heart specialist in the United States.
We won the match.
We have the exclusive right to sell them.
We hired a boat by the hour.
We take part in Red Cross movement.
We chose her a nice birthday present.
We elected her mayor.
We ate fresh fruit after dinner.
We adults shouldn't destroy the intelligent and creative capacity of children.
Please let me know about it.
My uncle is an amateur cricket player.
My train leaves at seven, arriving in Tokyo at nine.
To my knowledge, he has not been involved in the fraud scheme.
Our city has no water service yet.
It's my special recipe, rabbit stew.
I insisted that we change our original plan.
I may have hurt his feelings.
I put my fingers in my ears to block out the terrible sounds.
I wear size six gloves.
I came upon a rare stamp at that store.
I imagined him a tall man.
I was involved in a petty argument.
I have been living here for these ten years.
I paid twenty thousand yen for this hearing aid.
I need this.
I had the artist paint my portrait.
I had the article accepted by a travel magazine.
I compromised with her on the point.
I bet five pounds on the horse.
I saw the old gentleman cross the street and enter a store on the corner.
I know little or nothing about it.
I only happened to pass here just now.
I worked with Mr Spencer for a year in New York.
I belong to the brass band.
Yesterday, I went to see Martha as I hadn't seen her for several months.
I still have some money in hand.
I am studying very hard.
I left home early so I'd be on time for the meeting.
I was asked to buy some cakes on the way home from the office.
I am afraid of bears.
I slipped and hurt myself while I was clearing the road of snow this morning.
I have a bicycle.
I had to see someone on business.
I had hardly started to eat when I noticed that she was crying.
I acted to protect myself from a similar destiny.
I saw a horse pulling a cart.
I know that he will be introduced to a lady by his uncle today.
I am to have lunch with him.
I reminded him of his interview with the president.
I cannot forgive him because he insulted me in public.
Tell him either to call on me or to ring me up.
We named the dog Tim.
We have learned much about survival from lower forms of animal life.
We decided to cease financial support.
Private detectives were hired to look into the strange case.
I don't know how to operate a spinning wheel.
At the games they were sold by men who kept them warm in hot-water tanks.
Please ask the secretary to stock the office supplies in the storage room.
Better drop by his gallery if you have time.
My temper sometimes gets the better of me.
The next stage was to enter a good arts school.
The deer slept on a bed of leaves.
The fact is that I can't swim.
Some say society should be corrected first, but that is to put the cart before the horse.
Something must be wrong with our car; the engine is giving off smoke.
The younger generation looks at things differently.
There is a lack of communication between the young and the old.
It became popular among young people to wear hunting boots.
Their sweet melody made young people feel free.
The host cut the turkey for the guests.
The chief engineer did research hand in hand with his assistant.
I'm up to my neck in work.
The Prime Minister's explanation of the scandal just wouldn't wash with the public.
The Prime Minister held a press conference yesterday.
The prime minister was unable to form a cabinet.
There is close relationship between supply and demand.
You'd better avoid discussion of religion and politics.
Slaves find power in religion.
Gravity pulls things toward the center of the earth.
My uncle guaranteed my debts.
He always talks as though he knows how to handle himself but you never know how he'll act when the chips are down.
You'd better examine the contract carefully before signing.
So valuable were books that the greatest care was taken of them.
My wife's hands are slightly smaller than the shop assistant's.
Do something about the flow of blood from the wound.
The scar shows clearly.
Little girls in general are fond of dolls.
Leaves lay thick in the lane.
Would you just move along a bit, please?
The girl listened to music, the boy was reading a book.
The girl tried hard to hold back her tears.
The boy was anxious for a bicycle.
The youth was arrested for being involved in a riot.
There were bits of broken glass on the floor.
The floor was painted green, while the walls were yellow.
Would you do me a favor by moving that chair over to the corner so that I can sweep the floor?
You can't accuse him of stealing unless you have proof.
The castle stands facing a beautiful lake.
A polite way to reveal knowledge of a fact without telling the source of the information is to say, "a little bird told me".
The doorbell rang during the meal.
It's a fort built to defend the town from invasion.
Lately I've had the time to quietly enjoy the wonders of nature.
He didn't want to disappoint his wife by giving up his new position.
Newspapers, television, and radio are called the mass media.
Two whole pages of the newspaper were devoted to the news of the royal divorce.
According to the newspaper, the boy was knocked unconscious and lay on his back with his eyes closed.
The function of the press is to provide the common people with facts.
The newspaper always keeps us informed of the events taking place in the world.
Glue the photograph to your application form.
After she filled out the application, the records clerk told her that the fee was eight dollars.
Stop trying to make us follow all these subtle clues. I wish you would say what you want to say more clearly.
The discovery of truth should remain the single aim of science.
When meeting a person for the first time, be sure to pay attention to the distance placed between yourself and your partner.
Don't speak ill of others while they are away.
What one is is more important than what one has.
There is no limit to human progress.
The world needs to change its thinking and behavior, especially in the developed nations.
The world needs to develop new energy sources in place of oil.
Does a uniform eliminate class difference?
The struggle to succeed sometimes leaves people feeling empty.
Politics was the main topic of their conversation.
The government watched the activities of radical groups carefully.
The government made an announcement to the effect that taxes would be raised.
Although the government refuses to admit it, its economic policy is in ruins.
According to the stars, she and I aren't supposed to have much chemistry between us.
Rain or shine, the opening ceremony is to begin at nine.
He has a reputation as being straight as an arrow. He'd never get involved in corruption.
The students found the final examination to be a breeze.
A blue suit, white shirt and red tie are essential for all male workers.
Moral and physical development are remarkable in the youth.
The rising generation always have some funny ideas.
Soap helps remove the dirt.
Babies want plenty of sleep.
The baby was amusing itself with the cat's tail.
We look forward to receiving your quote by return mail.
His steps were clearly marked in the snow.
The promise I made to you last week still holds true.
There's been a constant stream of complaint calls since last week.
On last week's English test, my score was worse than hers.
Our teacher advanced the date of the exam.
The teacher explained the new lesson at length to the students.
The teacher stressed the importance of daily practice.
Many families had lost their savings during the war and had nothing to fall back on.
During the war, America tried to stop trading with England.
The fountain sends hot water to a height of 170 feet.
Traveling by ship gives us great pleasure.
It is dull to travel by ship.
The ship wound in and out among the islands.
The ship reached its destination in safety.
A captain is in charge of his ship and its crew.
A captain controls his ship and its crew.
The former captain was superior to the present one.
I haven't seen Karen since we fell out last month.
After the initial shock of hearing of her grandfather's death, the girl started to cry.
Thank you for sending me a nice card.
Don't punish him for breaking the window. He is not to blame.
Would you mind if I shut the window? I have a slight cold.
To no one's surprise, loud noise has been proven to affect one's sense of hearing.
A card was attached to the gift.
A fast walker can walk six kilometers in an hour.
Watch your step, or you will slip and fall.
Solar energy may be able to play a significant role in our daily life.
The sun sends out an incredible amount of heat and light.
I injured myself during the physical education lesson.
They wanted to negotiate the contract on equal terms.
The captain gave orders for a salute to be fired.
Men of the rank of captain and below live in this building.
Whoever the representative is from their division, treat him well.
College students should study hard, but equally they should also make time for an active social life.
The president shall be selected by majority vote.
The huge waves upset their boat.
I got a big pay raise.
Tall trees catch much wind.
The entire theater turned to chaos when somebody cried "Fire!".
Two of my books have been taken.
I hope that some scientist will soon discover a cure for AIDS.
No one called my attention to it.
On warm days, bears stretch out or lie on their backs with their feet in the air.
Each boy student has a school badge on his cap.
It is true of American society that the male is the head of the household.
The men are smiling on cue.
There is a shopping district underground.
The tourists as well as local people come to the square for shopping.
Hours lost on the ground cancel out the advantage of speed in the air.
Indicate size, color, and style on the order form.
The long cruel winter at last came to an end, giving place to a gentle warm spring.
The pain shoots into my right leg.
You can go out and play as long as you stay in the yard.
The hostile army began to attack.
The Emperor prayed for the souls of the deceased.
On the way out I said to my waitress, "Be careful, Sue. There's something funny about the glasses you gave me - they're filled in on the top, and there's a hole on the bottom!"
By tradition, people play practical jokes on 1 April.
The invention of the telephone caused a revolution in our way of living.
I wish people would stop throwing away empty cans and other trash along the path up the mountain.
The angry crowd threw missiles at the police.
We're running short of fuel for the winter.
Ice covers the lake during the winter.
Tokyo is surrounded by many satellite cities.
The authorities have been hiding the facts from the public.
Television sets began to appear house by house at that time.
We sell goods on commission.
Having a cracking headache, I went to bed earlier than usual.
With the world turning circles running round my brain.
Animal bodies are made up of cells.
You can't be at two places at once.
The company has decided to sell some of its money-losing units.
I will mentally return to childhood and do it all over again.
Losing the way, he chose the road at random.
Special services include a personal driver for each guest.
Persons with special skills can easily get jobs.
Except in special circumstances, anyone is allowed to enter the building.
By special arrangement we were allowed to enter the building.
Take any books that you want to read.
When suddenly faced with a dangerous situation, hold your horses - make sure of the proper action, then act.
All of a sudden, the door shut with a bang.
A sudden crack of thunder broke his sleep.
In the Southern region, sales were up 47 percent.
The nun prayed and crossed herself.
Flesh gives birth to flesh, Spirit gives birth to Spirit.
Japan's foreign direct investment reached $10 billion last year.
Japan's money power has a global reach now.
Japan is expected to play a greater role in international society.
Japan stood with the United States at the U. N. Assembly.
Japan must depend on foreign trade to make ends meet.
Japan needed contact with the Western countries.
Japan depends on foreign countries for oil.
Japan achieved a remarkable development in industrial technology after the war.
One of the important differences between Japanese and Americans is that Japanese tend to choose a safe course in life, while Americans choose to explore and challenge life.
The Japanese tend to identify themselves with the group they belong to.
When the cat's away, the mice do play.
Writing new year's cards is a Japanese institution.
While a brain operation is being performed, both doctors and nurses must handle the patient with kid gloves and yet with all speed practical.
Wide is the gate and broad is the way that leads to destruction.
As I checked your delivery that I received, I found it included a T-shirt which I did not order.
The judge was exhausted from the nervous strain.
The criminal robbed the landlord of a hundred thousand dollars and ran away.
Isn't he gorgeous? - So tall and smart-looking.
He is Mr Brown, chairman of the committee.
What was his motive for setting the house on fire?
The moment he touched it, it blew up.
He can't have solved it.
I'll wait here till he comes back.
It never occurred to me that he might insist on treating me to dinner.
He writes a daily journal, and that inspired me to try doing the same thing, but in English.
He has no sympathy for single parent families.
I would be grateful if you could give him some information on local conditions.
His alibi is above suspicion.
Such conduct on his part gave rise to her parents' suspicion.
His behavior is always honorable.
His recovery was nothing short of a miracle.
His technique was unique and absolutely amazing.
He turned to a tall woman nearby.
Some board members questioned his ability to run the corporation.
His absence gave birth to all sorts of rumors.
His latest novel marks a great advance on his previous ones.
His latest works are on display at the city hall. They are fabulous beyond description.
I would have failed but for his help.
I wonder if his tax returns will stand close examination.
Sailing a boat, his chief hobby, costs him most of his salary.
I think his suggestion is worth considering.
His discovery gave rise to a revolution in transport.
The way he spoke attracted the attention of a famous writer.
He is the man who I believe can help you.
He divided one million dollars among his five sons.
They were born one month apart in 1970.
He reached home shortly before five o'clock.
He ate chicken, along with salad and rolls.
He got tired soon.
He refused to accept such an absurd proposal.
He denied having taken part in the crime.
He gave the poor woman some bread and a five dollar bill besides.
He hid behind the tree.
He is a tennis player.
He gave an account of how he had escaped.
When he entered the building, he was frightened by a sudden cry.
He made a fortune by writing a best selling novel.
He explained the process of building a boat.
He kicked the ball out of the ground.
He is nothing but a child.
He was within an ace of success.
He put his finger on the cause of the rocket's failure to orbit.
He keeps a diary in English.
He took a pencil in his hand.
He sometimes loses his temper for nothing.
He walked about the streets.
He connected the cord to the machine.
I wonder if he can lend me his guitar during the vacation.
He put his foot on the brake suddenly.
He wasted his time on gambling at the horse races.
I am sure he would be the last person to do it.
He wishes to resign on the grounds that his health is failing.
He did it as he had been told.
He had the good fortune to be rescued from the burning building.
He will assist us in changing the tire.
He asked me if I knew his father.
He said he would write to me, but he hasn't.
He took offense at what I said and turned on his heels.
He is no relation to me.
He sent an immediate reply to my telegram.
He is concerned about the result of the exam.
He drew a check for twenty thousand yen in favor of his wife.
He was sent into combat.
He was holding a large box in his arms.
He turns off the lights so as not to waste electricity.
He cleaned out his saving on betting.
He is possessed of a strong fighting instinct.
He owed his success to both ability and industry.
He drove a nail into the board.
He decided to play it safe and pull out of the tournament due to his injured knee.
He built hospitals and helped the people of Africa improve their lives.
He broke the law.
He left on an expedition to the North Pole.
As he grew up, he learned to put things in perspective.
They had only one child.
Their bags were checked by security guards at the gate.
Their manner of bringing up their children is extremely unusual.
They developed a special computer system and fixed it to his wheelchair.
They sat in the front row of the concert hall and heard the orchestra clearly.
They attempted in vain to bribe the witness.
They sent me a sample in answer to my request.
They all account Mr James an able businessman.
They experienced emotional pain and despair.
There is a strong bond of affection between them.
They shot down two enemy planes during the raid.
They earn their living by collecting and selling old newspapers.
They went on a voyage.
They believe their country is secure against foreign enemies.
They are in the teachers' room.
They had better have kept their mouths shut.
They mentioned two famous tourist spots, neither of which we have visited yet.
I received a letter from her to the effect that she couldn't accept my marriage proposal.
I could hear her sobbing in her bedroom.
As soon as she entered the room, I rose to my feet and made a deep bow.
The man whom she is talking with is Mr Allen.
Singing comes as naturally to her as flying does to birds.
I remember meeting her somewhere.
Her folks cannot help worrying about her wound.
Her voice still rings in my ears.
Her beauty cast a spell over him.
Her father works at the bank.
I can't make head nor tail of her lecture on health and physical education.
Her name was Agnes then.
Instead of giving Alex a nut each time he said something, she'd only give it when he specifically said "nut."
She set a new Japanese record in the 100 meter dash.
She will be back in less than ten minutes.
She made a tour of America, stopping in six cities.
She got her coat and hat on.
She has been on a diet for the past two months because she put on too much weight during the winter.
She took first prize in the race.
She owns a Turner.
She is looking for her missing wallet.
She is panting from playing basketball.
She screams if you even touch her funny bone.
She beat off a big snake with a plastic toy bat.
She admitted to having heroin.
She takes pleasure in seeing horror films.
She went out of her way to do such a foolish thing.
She says she will call you later.
She was dropped from the height of happiness into the depth of misery.
She wore a diamond ring on her left third finger.
She lived next door to us.
She means more than my life to me.
She has an automatic washing machine.
She is capable of handling the circumstances.
She slowly developed hatred toward me.
Besides attending the funeral, she needs to make all the arrangements.
She was studying drama on a special scholarship.
She stopped smoking on account of health concerns for her pregnancy.
She was eager to feed the birds.
She filed a suit for divorce against him.
She is proud of being beautiful.
She usually sleeps for eight hours.
She was filled with deep grief to hear of her father's sudden death.
She was educated in the United States.
She came running with her eyes shining.
They shot the film in an actual desert.
They held a special session on trade problems.
The secretary asked that I hold the line until Mr Williams was free to take my call.
Small hills look flat from an airplane.
I have no objection to paying a special fee if it is necessary.
Her courage during her illness is an inspiration to us all.
Poverty is a pain, but no disgrace.
It was unfortunate that he lost his passport.
A good husband makes a good wife.
Daddy loves to say funny things.
Father would often read detective stories in his spare time.
My father has given up smoking recently.
My father sat reading the evening paper.
Physics is the basic physical science.
The soldiers got to the foot of the hill before dawn.
She got her feet wet teaching while she was in the Peace Corps.
Throughout the United State large numbers of young people enter college every year.
I watched television during a break in my studies.
The sheriff beat the suspect until he was almost dead.
Her mother knocked on the door.
Throw a stick and watch the dog fetch it.
Stay where you are until I give you a sign.
I saw a marvelous animal act at the circus.
I went down to the sports office to sign up for the last position on the basketball team, but somebody else beat me to it.
I have a good many things to do today.
I was not being taught to experiment or even to repeat experiments.
I'd like to engage in foreign trade in the future.
We saw Mac make a fantastic shot.
The queen of the witches is dead.
Every Tuesday her fat little fingers flew like birds up and down the keys of song too.
It's no good making the same old products year after year.
If something were wrong with my car, I'd go by bus.
Unable to prove his innocence, he was forced to leave his native town.
I'd like to make a tour of famous sites in London tomorrow.
A house built of wood is more easily burnt than a house of stone.
There were times, at falling night, when he looked up with curiosity to the stars.
It's only when I can't sleep at night that the ticking of the clock becomes loud enough to bother me.
The fields lay covered with deep snow.
The savage robbed me of my precious jewels and ran away.
Oil paintings show to advantage at a distance.
The capable detective was assigned to investigate the cause of the tragedy.
After dinner, George's dad took him aside.
The point is they're too young.
The dancers look delicate in their white dresses, but they are really as strong as horses.
The greedy man was by no means satisfied with the reward.
Complete agreement between theory and practice is a rare case.
In the absence of my travel partner, I took several solo trips.
The two countries will negotiate a settlement to the crisis.
Both parties took a step towards a solution.
Why do you insist on paying for your school expenses yourself, when your parents are willing to give you financial support?
The dishes were not so delicious, but otherwise the party was a success.
The hunter shot a bear.
Take Jennifer for example.
Birds, for instance, have a special protective device.
Work is not only important for economic benefits, the salary, but also for social and psychological needs, the feeling of doing something for the good of society.
Old people need something to live for.
The old woman sent a servant for the trunk.
June is a social season in London.
The peace talks failed again, with both sides blaming the other for the failure.
"You're right, certainly you don't seem to have been into it today." "Eh! You can tell that sort of thing?"
To say that it gives the impression of a cheap toy is unfair to cheap toys.
Never mind that. After all up till now he's stuffed himself on huge profit selling high brand-name goods of no real worth. From now on he can just try his best at honest trade.
No, please don't concern yourself. I have learnt to do as the Romans when in Rome.
Hey, pops! What are you doing!
Before meeting your guests, be sure to carefully check that the toilet door locks.
Dammit, she completely ignored me.
Click: Quickly pushing the mouse's left hand side button once.
If you climb up this mountain, you'll reach the lab.
This isn't my blood. It's all splash-back from my opponent. There isn't a single scratch on me.
Now that you mention it, I wasn't involved in the decision-making for the vital part.
Even disaster is better than such a divorce between emotion and action.
If she finds out that that uniform was one I bought to get my former girlfriend to be a pretend 'high school girl' ...
That's a misunderstanding, for sure. You're giving me too much credit.
I searched at the pub for the person I had met online, but there was nobody who looked like that.
Helen's words suddenly filled me with new energy.
Also as they are in an intimate relationship they are in a situation where it is easy for them to suffer from violence and difficult for them to bring complaints about that to court.
I didn't know what was what. The inside of my head had gone to panic mode and I couldn't get things straight.
Don't you always sleep like a log yourself? I can understand your feelings of wanting them to enjoy their meal but don't be in such a rush.
So it's finally time to pay the piper.
My hair's messed up this morning. At least lend me a hand mirror - it should be shut in the drawer there.
His criminal record is apparently for murder, but he won't start to talk about the details.
That's me - the coward unable to screw up his courage and find out the truth.
I can feel not only people's souls, but also the faint spirit held by buildings, walls and such.
What was the gross income in the previous calendar year?
As a general rule, the pension amount is based on price changes in the previous year.
There are wheels within wheels.
That's no good! You're tall so you've got to be in the forward defence.
I'm sure it's tough taking part in the activities of two clubs, but good luck!
"Is that some sort of uniform?" "Oh right, it's because I play field hockey."
Oh no! I'm late again!! I'm going to get the nickname 'King of Late arrival'.
What does destroying evidence get you? The usual thing would be to contact the police, wouldn't it?
Thank you for waiting. One kid's meal and an ice cream soda.
You need permission to put up that sort of poster, and, most of all, you're ruining the looks of the street!
This week I've watched foreign car-action movies with subtitles for three days in a row.
There is a world of difference between, "somehow being understood" and "using correct English."
You couldn't say that was a plan with any sense of reality to it.
Despair drove him to attempt suicide.
It's when you become able to move that the real value of health hits home.
In my daily life I take care in various ways of my body so as not to damage my health.
We drew lots to decide who would go first at the early morning reception desk.
"Certainly if someone is _that_ beautiful you'd draw back from approaching her." "Thought you'd agree."
Just press the button and a clear photo will be produced by the latest technology.
An office building, with 22 stories above ground and 2 below, is under construction.
He is a keen Stephen King fan.
The surgery, performed at our clinic, is over in half an hour.
When you swallow a dangerous substance, what you need to do depends on what you swallowed.
What do you do when you get writer's block while writing a script?
Changes of leadership have a great effect on the international political economy.
The rise and fall of prices caused a financial crisis.
Mum, a mere woman surrounded by men, works in a construction company as a site foreman.
The front wheel plays an important role in two-wheeled vehicles moving without falling over.
The meaning of the 'dollar peg' is "stick with the strong countries."
If you're going to apologise, sooner is better.
What you need to take part in business management is the team spirit to work with many colleagues.
Thinking about those sorts of things, I watched "Duck Soup" again.
The basis of this system is that the students must take turns in teaching, they have to help each other.
I don't know if he has any special powers or not, but he's probably stronger than a normal human.
But I will always be honest with you about the challenges we face.
As Lincoln said to a nation far more divided than ours, we are not enemies but friends.
To those who seek peace and security: We support you.
And to those Americans whose support I have yet to earn, I may not have won your vote tonight, but I hear your voices. I need your help. And I will be your president, too.
When is the party?
Sticks and stones may break my bones, but names will never hurt me.
The amount of smoke that comes out of an electronic cigarette isn't bad at all.
A typical example of a field is provided by the real numbers.
It is sweet and right to die for your homeland.
Eleven students received the award.
It ain't like we gotta sell stuff, you know.
Do you know the difference between silver and tin?
Kent is a born leader.
The shepherd always tries to persuade the sheep that their interests and his own are the same.
There are those, who, in distress, seek the help of other people's prayers, but have no mind to pray for themselves.
It is better to keep your mouth shut and appear stupid than to open it and remove all doubt.
I'm responsible for protecting her.
In addition to a blocked nose, I'm also suffering from a high temperature.
We got some special evidence that proves that he is guilty.
About a dozen trees had soon been planted.
Underneath we wrote the names of the students in our class.
He was found guilty of attempted murder for attacking his mother with a knife.
I hope you consider my request for a day off this Tuesday 8th. If possible, I'd appreciate you letting me recover those hours any other day.
Is there any chance that he will come?
For years he has been at the market every Tuesday morning with his fish stall.
He is sincere in his promises.
No matter how bad it gets, she won't die of that kind of sickness.
When she first saw the size of it, my naive girlfriend was blown away.
The Russians copy the French ways, but always fifty years later.
A little nap and, just like that, I'm as fresh as a daisy.
Those who would give up Essential Liberty to purchase a little Temporary Safety, deserve neither Liberty nor Safety.
I saw Andrea leaving home.
I see Dana.
Ann is a sucker for chocolate.
This movie is about a poor girl who gets mistaken for the daughter of a rich man in the confusion following a train crash.
Why were you picking up guys?
The soul that desires God to surrender himself to it entirely must surrender itself entirely to him without keeping anything for itself.
We all labour against our own cure; for death is the cure of all disease.
It scares me not to see you online the entire day.
UN stands for United Nations.
While we were out for a picnic, our house's lock was picked by a thief.
Revenge is a dish best served cold.
Gentlemen, lift the toilet seat! Ladies also like to sit dry.
This miserable old church is the oldest building in our country.
Stuff today and starve tomorrow.
A man with a full belly thinks no one is hungry.
It is sweet and noble to die for one's country.
This morning, I went to a fish selling counter and the flying fish was very fresh and also on sale.
Gentlemen, start your engines.
Carlos is intelligent and creative.
Do you sell formal wear?
While looking at the flowers I thought suddenly that humans too had a good side. It's humans who discovered the beauty of flowers and it's also humans who can appreciate them.
He returned from Canada.
On the edge of the cliff bloom the most beautiful flowers.
The fast and effective solution for finding the job of your dreams!
I will show you some.
I'd like to introduce my good friend Luis.
Me neither.
My teacher is Mrs. Li.
I tied my dog to a tree in the garden.
Jessie spoke bad French and worse German.
Take one four times a day, after meals.
The short woman wears a gray suit.
Wait for the green signal before starting to cross.
I would like to give you a piece of advice.
The present agreement is put forth in two copies, signed by the two parties.
My father works in a factory.
Peace is not the absence of violence but the presence of justice.
I wonder where your brother has gone to.
They were determined to travel the length of Vietnam in just eight days.
The supervisor bought a really powerful machine.
The poison spread through his whole body.
The world follows one golden rule: whoever has the gold makes the rules.
I met an ear nose and throat doctor at a party on Sunday.
Many people never get it right and end up landing jobs in government. How they do it will forever remain a mystery.
The father of a father is a grandfather, a grandfather's father is a great-grandfather, a great-grandfather's father is a great-great-grandfather, but no word has been decided upon for the generations before great-great-grandfather.
Someday you'll regret this.
Any man who can drive safely while kissing a pretty lady is simply not giving the kiss the attention it deserves.
Focus on one thing and do it well.
Enter the laboratory and press the emergency button.
Road traffic injuries are a major public health problem and a leading cause of death.
I thought I had him in a corner, but then he pulled an unexpected move and completely turned the tables on me.
She got out the bottle of champagne she'd been saving for a special occasion.
Birds disturb the soil.
How many is nine minus six?
The lack of evidence to the contrary is itself evidence that your theory is probably right.
The Queen's crown was made of gold.
I always thought that a stroke was one of nature's ways to tell you that it's time to die.
Animals act according to their instincts.
"It's a woman as wants to see you;" the boy answered, pointing towards the shop.
Even though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil, for you are with me; your rod and your staff, they comfort me.
In spite of my diet, I couldn't help taking a slice of chocolate cake.
Waste not a single grain of rice!
The groom was getting cold feet just minutes before the wedding.
I love Fist of the North Star!
We have a gig at the club tomorrow night.
Patty was so short that she couldn't reach the branch.
After ten years as business partners, they decided to part ways.
The child was made a ward of the state.
The boy didn't reach his father's height of six feet.
Nicholas and Maria love each other.
If you repeat a joke two hundred fifty six times, it will set everybody's teeth on edge.
When one meets people online, one must be careful of wolves in sheep's clothing.
Read the fine print whenever you take out a loan.
Roger Miller began writing songs because he loved the music he heard on the radio.
Upon finding out about the others' success, she turned green with envy.
Everyone has duties to the community in which alone the free and full development of his personality is possible.
If you stop every time a dog barks, your road will never end.
A small gain is better than a great loss.
The judge handed down a sentence of five years hard labor.
All that's left for me is to drink myself silly with vodka and to get lost in sleep.
Please introduce yourself, sir. What's your profession?
Germans have no sense of humor? I don't find that funny.
Don't worry, I have every angle covered.
A flush is a poker hand where all five cards are of the same suit.
When did you start studying English?
The audience believed it to be part of the act, rather than a short circuit.
My wife gave birth to a child when we were very poor. While she was sleeping, I cooked rice and vegetables for several days and surprised her with the variety and taste of my cooking.
Miracles do exist, but we just don't notice them in the flow of events.
Mommy, why don't I have an uncle with a beard?
Dogs can't talk, but it's almost as if the puppy's eyes said, "No, I don't have a home."
A perfect map would have to be as big as the territory it represents.
A warehouse full of illegal fireworks blew up and destroyed a whole city block.
The wife stood up from her chair. She then looked at the door.
There were three buttons on the lower back of the robot.
As I entered the coffee bar, I found two young men watching a wrestling match on television.
The room was jam-packed with reporters waiting for the press conference to begin.
A relationship based on total honesty is bound to fail.
Rise and shine, Johnny! Time to go to school.
At seven I'll be back.
He didn't waste a single minute, thinking constantly about how to survive and how to improve his condition.
A fool always finds a greater fool to admire him.
The operation was really touch and go there for awhile but the doctor thinks he'll pull through.
All license number plates of all countries are different.
G'day.
Sooner or later, every parent has to have a talk with their children about the birds and the bees.
We've just received intelligence that the enemy is waiting in ambush two miles down the road.
My therapist told me to go to a bar and strike up a conversation with a complete stranger.
Please remain seated until the aircraft arrives at the gate.
Just because it's in Tatoeba.org's database, doesn't mean it's a sentence.
Mr Smith said, "There's no need for the Marines."
She wrapped the gift in white tissue paper and put a big red bow on top.
In Japan, practically every family has a washing machine.
At the market, the farmer is selling his farmer's bread.
I don't think people should make a mountain of a mole hill.
Such is life.
Sir, that CD is available only by special order.
Darn!
One doesn't count the teeth of a gift horse.
He was in a traffic accident.
I was nine years old when I asked my mom if Santa Claus really existed.
The difference between man and animal nowadays has more or less to do with clothing.
Reading books is a habit of mine.
It might snow this evening.
The amount of people on Facebook is greater than the population of the United States of America.
A lie can travel halfway around the world while the truth is putting on its shoes.
The difference between the right word and almost the right word is the difference between lightning and the lightning bug.
Thank you for the generous invitation but we don't want to wear out our welcome.
Each day is a little life: every waking and rising a little birth, every fresh morning a little youth, every going to rest and sleep a little death.
The true soldier fights not because he hates what is in front of him, but because he loves what is behind him.
Elvis has left the building.
The radio didn't inform about the accident.
Seattle has a very wet climate.
The employees need to cooperate to lower expenses.
I'd describe him as a middle-aged man in a yellow jacket, orange tie and a pink shirt.
This machine can dig giant holes.
In the United States, it takes a minimum of eight years of college to become a medical doctor.
There's an extra charge at the hotel for Internet access.
Base jumping is an extreme sport.
The final piece was placed in the puzzle.
You're covering the same ground. We already talked about this.
The young couple included their parents among their Thanksgiving guests.
I just received a message that the meeting has been canceled.
It is illegal to sell cigarettes to a minor.
Officers of the navy wear white uniforms.
Several soldiers were injured in the offensive.
The soldier received official permission to leave.
In some states, judges are elected officials.
The parade included six marching bands.
Are you allergic to any plants?
If you plant an apple seed, it might grow into a tree.
Can you point me in the right direction?
In the United States, most goods still travel by railroad.
Perfect diamonds are extremely rare jewels.
I hired a professional to repair the stove.
The view of the ocean from the road was spectacular.
The silence in the library was disturbed by the ringing of a cell phone.
California was the 31st state admitted to the United States.
Lightning can occur during a storm.
The road stays straight for the next 50 miles.
I am five feet, two inches tall.
You need technical knowledge to understand how this system works.
Terrorists attacked the World Trade Center in New York City in 2001.
The United States has close ties to Mexico.
It is illegal in the United States for law enforcement to use torture to get information.
There has been a large increase in trade between the United States and China.
It is an act of treason to sell military secrets to your country's enemies.
The witness did not seem nervous when he spoke at the trial.
In the United States, a wave means "good bye."
The hotel provided a wire in the bathroom for hanging wet clothes.
The world's largest zoo is in Berlin, Germany.
The killer confessed his terrible act.
There is a custom of eating rice cakes for New Year's in Japan.
Where can I mail these letters?
Will you check the tires?
The entire mountain changes color in autumn.
Had she been alive, my mother would have given me a hand then.
The studio is very small, with no place to hide.
The joke about the chicken crossing the road to get to the other side is an example of "anti-humor": meant to be funny because, on the surface, it is not.
I'm sorry, but I have to go to the gym.
That man has hit bottom: his wife has left him, he's lost his job, and he's an alcoholic. The worst is that I know him--he used to be my boss five years ago.
The world is a grand ball in which everyone wears a mask.
There, there. It's all better now.
He met his end in a rusty bear trap.
The police are checking up on the bomb threats.
My train leaves at six o'clock and arrives there at ten o'clock.
People crushed by law, have no hopes but from power. If laws are their enemies, they will be enemies to laws; and those who have much to hope and nothing to lose, will always be dangerous.
She's a few fries short of a Happy Meal.
He was sent to prison for armed robbery.
Samantha has arrived.
The trade agreement must provide a level playing field in which to compete.
I wonder if Prince William lets anyone call him Bill.
He is not just kind, but honest too.
The life lesson: giving people the benefit of the doubt can further your career and personal relationships!
Do not do unto others what you do not want others do unto you.
Let's eat out tonight!
It's not exactly a hot spot, it's more of a dive bar.
In order to give him a surprise on his birthday, I prepared a fantastic cake.
Professional writers do not have a regular income.
As much as 90 percent of happiness comes from elements such as attitude, life control and relationships.
Please, don't be noisy.
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.
My old English teacher is certainly rolling in her grave right now.
Your five o’clock shadow is hurting the environment.
With the arrival of winter, the leaves on the trees fall down.
Would you mind putting a link on your web page to our company's web site?
The alert witness recognized the criminal.
If you know a lot, you can become anyone.
These young people are talking loudly amongst themselves and have absolutely no regard for those around them.
Luckily, we found an escape route.
The tip of the knife blade is sharp.
To better understand what a company’s culture is you should consider the following points and see how the company deals with them.
Dry leaves float on the water's surface.
The price that the famous pay for their celebrity is a lack of privacy.
In Italy, during summer, it doesn't get dark until about nine o'clock.
Perhaps the illness is cured through medical treatment.
It is dreadful that a nuclear crisis has hit Japan.
Thus, p is the case if and only if q is the case.
She was looking for the keys in her purse when he attacked her.
There is a fixed standard in the king's principles.
They organized a state army.
They stole horses and cattle.
They handed Anderson a short note.
They accused him of being part of the plot.
They took no part in the social revolution.
They wanted Hawaii to be part of the United States.
They attacked soldiers who were sent to arrest them.
They accused the president of not caring about the common man.
He joined the United States Navy.
He was known to the English as King Philip.
He began to work to get Congress to reduce taxes.
The British captured Breed's Hill.
The British forces were ordered to seize the weapons.
In 1764, the British Parliament approved the Sugar Act.
The British ship was captured and brought to the United States.
The Allies continued to build up their forces in France.
The German army made a final effort to defeat the Allies.
The situation could only be settled by war.
Japan wanted to end any Russian threat to Korea.
The Emperor agreed to drop the demand for money.
Six hundred thousand men were killed or wounded.
Huge numbers of soldiers and civilians were killed.
Most Americans agreed with President Wilson.
The soldiers on the boats would be easy targets.
Santa Ana's army was destroyed.
Douglas finally agreed to talk with Lincoln.
President Lincoln wrote all five of these documents.
The trip west was hard.
Spain controlled Florida.
Harrison's health grew worse.
Hooker was extremely pleased.
Suddenly, there were gunshots.
Andrew became active in politics.
Swing music was a new form of jazz.
A mighty cheer burst from the crowd.
A blood vessel burst inside his brain.
Five days later, President Taylor died.
Grant refused to give them a firm promise.
Cleveland was not sure the boy was his son.
Within one year, the stock market collapsed.
The two sides finally agreed on a compromise.
The troops would protect trains carrying mail.
Marilyn Monroe's success did not make her happy.
His father had served as a United States senator.
The Supreme Court ruled that the law was illegal.
In the wagon were a few tools and some extra guns.
This bill was sent to the Senate for its approval.
Mortal enemies are immortal friends.
In order to improve the students' attitude to their studies, the school let them start class an hour later.
Cold and dry, splendid sunshine, what beautiful winter weather!
I wonder whether I can add a sentence simply by pressing the Enter key.
Since Janet died, her husband has really gone off the deep end.
Lo and behold!
Leave your message after hearing the beep.
Your lovely voice was very pleasant to my ears.
Although he is young, he is very careful.
The students laughed under their breath when they saw that the teacher had put on his sweater backwards.
The cargo ship arrived four hours early.
Do you enjoy talking?
He takes the attitude that resistance is a waste of energy.
Science has discovered that there are five types of human beings.
An understanding of people is the greatest weapon you can possess.
This part of the tune needs some real skill. It took me ages to learn how to play it on the piano.
He isn't lonely anymore.
Sam was able to enter the school's basketball team.
When I was young I used to pray for a bike. Then I realized that God doesn't work that way. So I stole a bike and prayed for forgiveness.
A very brief warning or explanation is enough for an intelligent person.
The boy has a huge bump on his head. No wonder he cried so much!
Why is it that the greatest crime and the greatest glory are to shed a man's blood?
Science without conscience is only the ruin of the soul.
When was he here before?
The boss owes several months' salary to the construction workers.
I need a spoon, a fork, and a knife. Thank you.
It is true that Rosa had a glass of wine.
It's a Spanish book.
Susan, Juan's sister, is very intelligent.
Pedro has a motorcycle and loves to ride it.
A large crowd of Americans gathered outside the White House to celebrate the death of a human being in the same manner as they would celebrate winning a football game.
I'm pouring some anti-inflammatory cream on my right knee.
If I considered the possibility of catching the flu every time I kiss a girl I don't know, I'd have no luck with the ladies at all.
My job is to know these things.
Currently, the industry is a good example of an area of depression.
The maximum speed reached by the vehicle was 5 kilometers per hour.
Lovers who are truly in love do not write down their happiness.
Sheila and I are old friends.
Female drivers are a constant danger.
She told some jokes and sang some funny songs at a patient's beside.
If you find yourself trapped by a bear in the forest, your best bet is to drop to the ground and play dead.
Peter and Emma are just friends. There's nothing between him and her.
She asked him questions that he couldn't answer.
She was about to call him up when he walked in the door.
The young woman was fighting the deadly illness, her heart full of hope.
I bought a green couch yesterday, but I couldn't fit it through the door, so I had to return it.
Life is merely a hospital where patients are possessed with the desire to change beds.
The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy brown dog.
A miracle is an event described by those to whom it was told by people who did not see it.
The procedure must be executed correctly and completely.
Such things as television and computers could not have been dreamt of fifty years ago.
At that time, the city is full of people who'll either try to sell you drugs, steal your pizza, or ask you for change.
For my part, I travel not to go anywhere, but to go. I travel for travel's sake. The great affair is to move.
In fact history does not belong to us but rather we to it. Long before we understand ourselves through the process of self-examination, we understand ourselves in a self-evident way in the family, society, and state in which we live.
My mother says Japanese kids aren't naughty, but they live very far away, so Santa Claus doesn't bring them gifts. Thank goodness I was born in Spain.
He dropped the sausage on the ground.
A pizza? Yea, that works.
Oh, that kid went to sleep without eating supper.
Eating ice cream always puts me in a happy mood.
Winter seems to be sticking around a lot longer than usual this year.
Translate instead of chattering!
You want to have a lot of fluid in your system before giving blood.
Don't try to cover the whole sky with the palm of your hand.
I want to be poor in order to not be unhappy.
"Funny," said the old woman as she granted his wish and disappeared forever. "That was your first wish."
The heart serves to pump blood.
Carbon dating was performed on the sample to determine its age.
How many operations has Dr. Jackson performed this month?
I used to dream about becoming a model.
I wish I could figure out how to control my appetite.
I'd do anything for you.
I'll give you anything you want.
I'll see you soon.
Knowing how to hot wire a car may come in handy someday.
Lack of sleep can have an enormous negative impact on a student's grades.
Please put the potato chips in the bowl. Don't eat them directly from the bag.
We ate cotton candy at the state fair.
We're just about finished for the day.
Fred took a liking to Jane and they started seeing each other.
The wind ripped the roof off our building.
Writing is a deeper sleep than death.
His crime deserves the death penalty.
I need someone to talk to.
No, I really don't like it that much.
There is an important alliance between these two countries.
My mouth dried up.
At times of poor health, getting plenty of sleep is the best medicine.
March 3rd is a Girls' Day, the traditional Japanese festival held to wish girls both health and growth.
That meal was simply divine.
I've made peace with my maker. I'm ready to die.
Between sobs, that lost girl said her name.
I was in China last year.
A good surgeon has an eagle's eye, a lion's heart, and a lady's hand.
Is your gun loaded?
Would you like to live in Mumbai?
Birds and beasts like tragic sounds, their ears are identical with the human ones.
He's been working all day and night; he must be dog tired.
The most famous gold rush was the California Gold Rush that began in 1848.
It's only when I can't sleep at night that the ticking of the clock bothers me.
You should read the kind of books that contain the kind of information that will be useful to you later in life.
Gin is not my friend.
In Japan, there are lots of hot springs.
Turn the music up!
I think the hardest part of nursing is seeing lots of blood every day.
With five minutes left to play in the third quarter, the game was stopped because of lightning.
Chen is a teacher.
The next day the wreck of the ship was discovered on the shore.
Wolves wander in the woods.
Above the sink are several whisky bottles.
Hey there, good looking!
Perhaps he missed the train.
Monica didn't study a lot.
Any song sung in French puts me in a sexy mood.
Women who seek to be equal with men lack ambition.
You're a funny gal.
Be seen by me!
It seems that the infection will get the upper hand, but I am still fighting against it.
Sun makes all the difference.
The detective held the wine glass up to the light checking for fingerprints.
We kissed each other.
What is your favourite fast-food restaurant?
The doctor sent the live patient to the morgue.
Gold is the king of kings.
Digital technology for language-learning is being slowly but surely set up.
Is the entry form not working or is my Internet connection not working right?
He was in charge of maintenance at the chocolate factory.
Samuel helps anyone who asks him.
Whether a joke is found to be funny depends strongly on the culture.
Those who live in houses made of glass mustn't throw stones at the houses of other people.
Magic and monsters are products of the imagination.
My friends invited me for dinner.
Seeing the fresh lobster made me hungry.
He took part in a big scam.
In my city, the temperature is one degree above zero.
What's the meaning of that?
Good artists copy, great artists steal.
I observe from your fingers that you smoke.
Please accept my sincere congratulations on your success today.
I'm called "Sammy" by my mother.
Abortion is not an affair of the Church, it's a social affair.
With only a single drop of poison, the well-known fighter was defeated.
The spies poisoned the count.
Sara took pictures of that mountain in summer.
All of a sudden, The Holy Spirit began to speak to me the things revealed in this testimony.
Jimmy is my foster child.
The towel wasn't at all useful.
The system benefits a small group at the expense of the sacrifice of the rest.
You have a telephone at your house.
When he woke up, he remembered the dream as a terrible experience, and from that day on, he started forgetting a great number of very important details of his life.
Abraham then ordered Isaac to bring the wood to the place, and he himself brought his sword and fire.
Just when he was beginning the task, the angel of God called out from the heavens, 'Abraham!' He answered immediately.
He put the book on the table.
Catherine wanted to go to the shopping center.
The DNA test cleared him of all charges.
I’ve heard the example of the parents in Korea who let their child die because they were too busy playing video games.
This is an example of confusing two things that have a common cause with one thing that causes another.
A zombie brain will eat itself.
The actor will play five characters in less than half an hour.
You really should quit smoking.
Caleb has it all figured out.
According to legend, those woods used to be haunted, so people would avoid entering.
The government of the United States put down the biggest terrorist.
This church was destroyed by cannon fire.
Celebrate the revolution memorial day!
She often speaks about her fiancé.
Why are men never happy? Because they always want the impossible.
Hans was as pleased as Punch.
The last one was Tina's suggestion.
Go ahead, give America all your hard earned money.
Houses built with wood burn more easily than houses built out of stone.
She plans to take part in the beauty contest.
I won't divorce you unless you give me a legitimate reason.
It seems my field of vision is not as wide as it used to be.
He spotted five mistakes in as many lines.
I am thankful for standing on the tops of mountains.
Can you email me some emergency contact numbers and names for you?
She naturally sacrificed everything for the sake of raising her children.
The child's ball fell into the creek.
Right now, I'm choosing some suitable clothes to wear during the vacation.
They wanted to dry snow behind the oven and then sell it as salt.
Just as if the card gathering had turned into a ghost story telling party, a kind of dark mood had settled over those present and everyone was silent.
We spent the night laying on the grass looking at the stars, so we could find a meaning or logic to life.
A bull with short trousers has escaped accused of stealing.
Soon, I could only see her neck floating above the waves.
The warrior has died for you, my sweet princess.
Packing my stuff up took me forever.
The prices of raw materials such as oil or coal continue to rise.
He's my Mr. Right.
Sophie, who was hungry, ate everything that she could grab.
The state shouldn't get rid of civil rights, it should protect them!
When I take a deep breath, a pain runs down the right side of my back.
Routine exercise is great for your health.
The captain gave the order to abandon the ship.
I keep this little saint in my wallet because he brings me luck.
There are four trash cans in the school: one for paper, one for plastic, and two more for glass and metal.
I will be in New Orleans in April for my cousin's wedding.
Thank you for finally explaining to me why people take me for an idiot.
Why do the five yen coin and the fifty yen coin have holes in the center?
Some religious men regard pain as a sort of trial from God.
He made up the history.
We live near the large library.
I wonder whether I should be proud or ashamed that there is no information about me on the first five pages of internet search results for my name.
There's a red rose in the pot.
Among other things, I don't know the recent members, nor their new songs at all.
He tried to be brave while he was being held hostage.
Many people refuse to eat meat during Easter.
It was raining. However, they still went on their school trip.
Never take advantage of someone's patience, because sooner or later he'll grow tired.
My cousin received the call of God and became a priest.
Helena is a secretary, right?
I had never seen such a shiny star.
With the eyes, we see; with the ears, we hear; with the skin, we touch; with the nose, we smell; and with the tongue, we taste.
Did you listen to the broadcast of the National Diet's debate?
You shouldn't allow your son to act like a selfish brat.
She brought him up in the Jewish faith.
There's no doubt that Sharon is capable.
Chris got a very good grade on that difficult homework assignment.
Beth won't let Chris kiss her because he's very dirty.
Mr. Joel is now on duty.
She went to Europe via the United States.
Roosevelt worked hard to improve the United States relations with Japan.
There is a border between the United States and Mexico.
The legal system in the United States is the world's finest.
There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in the United States, as an independent press.
The Statue of Liberty is the symbol of the United States.
I wanted to buy the huge stuffed bear at Ken's store, but it was not for sale.
The people of the United States fought for their independence.
Pregnant women usually buy bigger size panties.
The material is not toxic in itself.
It's not your fault, it's Alison's.
How many bullets can a machine gun shoot?
Tearing money up is a crime, but tearing checks up isn't.
The students' union runs a bar on campus.
Basically, you're absolutely right.
Five hundred soldiers were sent to the city, and less than half of them survived.
Send her my regards.
Ah, thank you, my dear.
Hope is a little voice whispering "maybe" when it seems the entire world is shouting "no"!
I honestly think it's better to be a failure at something you love than to be a success at something you hate.
I'd never wear a shell suit.
The film was inspired by the novel of the same title.
Wherever the needle goes, the thread goes too.
Some precious stones are very similar to gold.
My cousin is hooked on smack.
It's better than the movie.
No one in their right mind would do this.
Your new client has just sent you a message.
Paul came to Rome to greet me.
I sing Gypsy songs.
The stone has a soul since it moves iron.
Our class reunion brought back old memories of when we were students.
Grandpa fell down the stairs and was seriously injured.
Fairy tales usually begin with the sentence "Once upon a time" and end with "...and if they didn't die, then they still live today."
In a flat area, what mass of soil should be removed in order to make half a hole?
She's very afraid of dogs.
He is abroad.
Mama cried.
He can kiss his fiancée.
If you were not so good in counsel, I should not have heard these rules for my conduct.
I think that you wanted to add a translation of the sentence where you posted a comment. To translate a sentence, just click on this button.
Beware of he who would deny you access to information, for in his heart he dreams himself your master.
I can't tell him apart from his brother.
During First Contact, the alien visitors would not show themselves physically.
The terrorists swore vengeance on that country.
You decide on what to do.
While at first he got famous from an independent film that he made, he then went from the director of a musical TV series to a full-fledged movie director. Such was his career.
We all need to learn to deal with this situation.
The principal's democracy made him popular among teachers and students.
I eat fish every week.
The Bible is clearly a complex piece of writing that could not possibly have been written by a single author.
I don't have much interest in sports games like soccer or baseball, but I do like seeing weird or outstanding plays in them.
"Superman" is showing at the movie theater this month.
The judge asked the jury to reach a verdict.
This summer the transfer market will be more exciting than ever.
Is it comfortable to travel by ship?
I'll move the solar panel from the balcony to the roof in due course.
In peace, sons bury their fathers. In war, fathers bury their sons.
The press conference is scheduled to begin one hour from now.
I feel your pain, buddy.
The racket slipped from my hands and broke itself on the court when I made the serve.
To suppose justice to do this, is to destroy the principle of its existence, which is the thing itself.
Our team won 3 to 1.
"You got a smoke?" "Yeah, but I don't have a lighter."
If he got a 10 out of 10 on the test it's because he cheated.
Is it really possible?
Vampires must drink blood to survive.
Only 514 people have been in space.
Only high officials had access to the President.
We all have our time machines. Some take us back, they're called memories. Some take us forward, they are called dreams.
Everyone was doing it.
My dad doesn't want me driving there everyday, so he's paying my rent.
The government tortured the citizen to make him confess.
We recommend cutting off all further contact with the rebels.
Julia gives a kiss to her daughter.
I bought five metres of fabric in the shop.
She's hiding the truth from us.
Ding is playing on the computer.
Suicide is an act of revenge against yourself, and I personally have nothing against myself.
The source made reference to Kate and the Queen being seen chatting and smiling together last March.
The African elephant has bigger ears than the Asian elephant.
I won't stake my reputation on it, but I think it's a genuine alien life form.
Opera in English is, in the main, just about as sensible as baseball in Italian.
Venus is only slightly smaller than the Earth and Mars is bigger than half of Earth.
The profit from drugs they used for buying lots of real estate.
We still have to turn the hay and chop wood.
The buzzing of the bees makes me a little nervous.
Cows are large and their horns are long; sheep are small and their horns are short.
It hasn't been done before.
Humans have five senses: sight, hearing, touch, taste and smell.
Further testing is required.
Are you going to record today's episode?
Howdy folks.
You've got to try this.
My friend who lives in England will come to Brazil next week and will stay five months expecting to get a good job here.
We told the man we could and would make such a scandal out of this as should make his name stink from one end of London to the other.
This is Nina, your granddaughter.
Don't curse or I'll wash your mouth out with soap.
The association counts thirty members.
Let's relax a little.
The path to evil may bring great power, but not loyalty.
In for a penny, in for a pound.
You must kneel at my feet, kiss my hand and swear that I am an angel.
God gave you a penis and a brain, but only enough blood to run one at a time.
Our true hope is that there exists life in other worlds.
He would prefer to live in a developing country because of the exchange rate.
Fashion is a vicious cycle.
The boy grabbed his sister by the legs and dragged her all over the room until she admitted defeat.
Parents should monitor their children's activities.
We were hoping something interesting would happen.
With a hammer and nails in her hand, she headed straight here.
She threw off her shoes and socks in anger.
I am filling this bottle with oil.
He's wanted for grand theft auto.
Teach me how to play a reed pipe.
She wants the most bang for her buck.
The Queen of England is related to the King of Sweden.
Anyone who respects someone who respects the current president of the United States is not respected by at least one person.
The former president of the United States is the only American who knows the president of every country.
Rebecca has at least two daughters.
You're not born evil; you learn how to be evil.
I don't want to be your secret.
When operating the unit, play in a well-lit room and keep a safe distance from the screen.
Now, as a test of courage, won't you go into that abandoned building over there? It's famous as a place haunted by spirits.
The students held the male student down and cut his hair with a pair of scissors.
Yesterday I put the gifts in the attic, today I put them under the bed and tomorrow I'll throw them out the window.
I'm the ghost of a sad poet who died a terrifying death.
The ground started to shake and the alarm rang.
Thank you for burning my shirt with your cigarette.
Have you found an answer to this question?
I was used to eating like a pig.
Will you not lose your mind?
Prince Charles will be the next British king.
It's a chick thing.
I bring my children to the park almost every day.
When a medical doctor follows the coffin of a patient, it is in fact sometimes the cause that follows the effect.
We mustn't burn our forest, because it is the source of the oxygen we breathe.
The foot contains an ankle and five toes with nails.
I am eating with my bro.
Our headquarters are located in another part of town.
I like chess.
Auto-destruct sequence armed.
I went as far as Germany but I didn't have time to visit Alexander.
He was voted prom king.
I must be getting tired. I feel sleepy as soon as I finish eating supper.
A ship of dreams landed in a nightmare.
I recommend you visit the Imperial War Museum in London.
The history of the relationship between the Catholic Church and the Jews was not always a happy or an easy one. Too often it was written in tears.
Our liberty depends on the freedom of the press, and that cannot be limited without being lost.
How long do you need to learn German?
You ate an apple, yay!
I bet Uncle Alfred'll come back.
Children begin by loving their parents; after a time they judge them; rarely, if ever, do they forgive them.
The seeds of evil deeds are evil thoughts.
I wanted to share with you a new application that I'm using to create a memory book for my grandfather who recently passed away.
It isn't because I don't want you to laugh at me, rather it is because I'd like to laugh at you.
Now that same-sex marriage is legal, I'm one step closer to marrying myself.
They train you to act before thinking. Just execute orders.
Elite soldiers are almost always selected among the special forces.
I want to change the world.
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much indeed.
If I change my name in order to avoid racist comments, then why don't I change the color of my skin as well?
How many nuclear bombs does the United Kingdom have?
How many cars can this garage hold?
Are they free on Friday afternoon?
They call her Lena.
How much does it cost to eat at such a place?
How do we do that?
Sharks eat fish.
I'm hitting the road.
I missed you so much.
I've never told anyone that before.
Suddenly a man appeared, packed my suitcase and ran away.
Can I know where you work?
How long do you have to eat lunch?
Do you think fried chicken should be eaten with a fork or with your fingers?
Get out of my face.
The fat girl is eating too much sweets with lots of sugar.
Don't kid yourself. You couldn't afford to buy a house like this.
Just follow my lead.
I've just arrived at the top of a mountain. That's really surprising, because according to my map, there should be a lake here.
One day you'll understand.
The temperature fell to five degrees below zero.
You can't ask him to do that.
She's obsessed with the Harry Potter books.
How many did you get?
I can't do this.
She lied to me.
We traveled through the whole land.
He's old enough to go to school.
We've known each other for a long time.
You're acting like a child.
You must face your fears.
What surprises me is that they can actually sell that product for so much money.
Education is important.
She's only a couple of years older than me.
He had but one desire: to shrink away and live among the lights and shadows.
During the entire lesson, he counted flies.
The lion roars.
Honor! truly a very convenient coin, which those who know how to pass it may lay out with great advantage.
The company issued a press release.
We've taken a long hard look at your sales-directed communication and decided to buy some of the weed that you smoke.
Harry put on his robe and wizard hat.
I've been trying to hack my way into the system.
We ate some turtle soup.
Please wait a minute.
"Do you think that Russia and America can become friends?" — "Yes, certainly! I'm absolutely sure. Whatever may happen, our most important friend will be America in any case, but whether South or North America - that depends on you."
I can't come right now.
We can't keep on fooling ourselves.
Feel the rhythm and follow the beat.
They can't see me.
I can't think about anything else.
Where do you get a haircut?
I thought you guys had already left.
If a porter carries your luggage, don't forget to tip him.
The All-Russian Public Opinion Research Center measures Russian citizens' trust in politicians every week.
In this store they like to bait and switch.
He was never what the verdict of society calls drunk. Yet was he ever sober?
A statement against social program cuts has been read.
She was put in charge of the project, despite having zero leadership skills.
Those who are terrorists for some, are freedom fighters for others.
He had a change of heart.
This is but a humble downtown store.
If the idiots would compete, you would be second because you are too idiot to be the first.
I'm not sure where I should put this.
Just the gesture is enough, thank you.
Is this valuable?
I want to start a family.
I want us to be together.
I just want people to like me.
We're resting naked in the warm sand.
Do you want me to tell the police?
I want to lodge a formal complaint.
I've been a member of this organization for five years. Oh wait, no. Six.
Do you want to come back to my office?
They leave you, not so dark as the waiting house, not so surely promised to eternity as that which every night becomes the climbing stars.
In Japan, people legally become adults at the age of twenty.
Relations between China and Japan have been tense recently.
I want to make sure there is enough.
Let's save the environment!
We are poor, but we are happy.
Practice is tough. But, if it is for the sake of victory, then you must be able to endure.
The grand prize is a kiss from the princess.
There's a famous book in English whose entire last chapter is a single sentence.
The Ministry of Environment would play a more important role that way.
He entered the lion's den.
We are busy men.
For my own part I wish the Bald Eagle had not been chosen the Representative of our Country.
The secret is killing you.
I heard that Mr. Collins asked you to marry him.
You're awful at keeping secrets.
On the main menu of this DVD there is no 'Play Main Feature' button.
For a bribe, a traffic policeman agreed not to take away a driver's license.
It's poor form to spit from the window into the street, or into the fire, or anywhere people might step on what you have spit.
According to the newspaper, she committed suicide.
She showed me around.
Do something about that noise.
I have to take care of something.
We must stop this dangerous plague.
It is painful for me to see the name of the traitor among other names in the same sentence.
The English Channel is the divide between Britain and Europe.
Make sure the brain is engaged before putting the mouth in gear.
My tooth is giving me unbelievable pain.
The members of the family had grave doubts regarding the explanation they received from the army.
We're serious.
The Latin language is not entirely unknown to me, but I altogether lack the ability to speak it.
I buy loads of stuff at that store.
I hate his talking big on every occasion.
He loves ritual.
Mona is still running a temperature and should stay at home.
Most people who have lived in a foreign country have experienced some form of culture shock, although many people don't recognize it in themselves.
I had never seen it.
Bodies grow slowly and die quickly.
Was it worth it?
Thank you for giving me those Italian magazines!
A lack of sleep affected the singer's performance.
Gloria hasn't lived in Rio for many years.
He has spoken English well for many years.
My backyard is one step down and lower than the ground.
I forgot that Barbara spoke French.
He's not worthy of you.
When it comes to drugs, there's a very fine line between use and abuse.
We grew closer every day.
How many kinds are there?
You made that mistake on purpose, didn't you?
Tell me, tell me.
Why don't you come in and have a cup of coffee?
I can't sleep without a midnight snack.
You're a psycho.
You're embarrassing me.
There are four cardinal points: East, south, west and north.
He came kicking and screaming.
I like shopping at the local farmers' market.
Don't take yourself so seriously.
What's your decision?
His back was covered by a blue cape.
We're leaving now.
We're not lost.
We'll fix that.
Bring her here.
Close the hatch.
I heard that.
I remind you that you are still under oath.
I'll jump in.
Just slow down.
Pull the plug.
Take your pills.
That's so embarrassing.
Will you give me a free hand in the matter?
You'd like it.
Queen Victoria was married in 1840.
He guessed the amount of money I had in my pocket.
He likes games of chance.
The superintendent lives on the ground floor.
Happiness has no taste without sadness.
After winning all the matches, he got the title of champion.
Medical marijuana is legal in this state.
I need a shirt with a stiff collar.
In South America, there are many traces of Indian culture.
The handling of dynamite is dangerous.
The president's death caused great sorrow.
The river has its source in the Rocky Mountains.
The witnesses appeared before the judge.
Don't you have a meeting?
Have you ever kissed another girl?
I didn't mean to yell.
There's been too much talk about that marriage.
I don't even have a boyfriend.
You obviously don't have time.
Lots of people identified the United Kingdom with London.
There are lots of risky places in London.
Don't you feel happy and relaxed?
We kept our word.
I assume that was the only way to get the job done in time.
I had gotten no sleep the night before, so I kept dropping off during the meeting.
I'm off.
We had a jolly good time.
I can't believe we've finally finished the project.
The Swiss Guards protect the pope.
She put the dirty laundry in the washing machine.
I checked into a motel and went right to sleep.
Pierce whatever ear you want. It doesn't mean you're gay.
The defendant stays in custody.
I appreciate the value of what you're offering.
I did my job.
This man is a police officer in the crime squad, not a criminal.
Michael Jackson was the most famous singer in the United States.
I fail to understand what the problem is.
I had to shoot my horse because he was in a lot of pain.
She's an Ivy League graduate.
I feel a lack of confidence because I still have a ton of things to do.
Of the past 3,400 years, humans have been entirely at peace for 268 of them, or just 8 percent of recorded history.
The task of philosophy is to discover the toilet long before it is needed.
There wasn't a single survivor.
May I call later?
I have absolutely no clue.
I've been sent to escort you.
I've got no complaints.
I know that doesn't look good.
On behalf of the government, the mass media are abused.
We had an especially harsh winter.
I keep asking myself that same question.
I know you're both angry with me.
I left you a note.
I let my emotions cloud my judgment.
I may be old, but I'm not crazy.
I need you to explain something to me.
He crossed the road on foot at the red light.
Why don't we duck back inside?
I think you're attractive.
I still can't believe it.
I suppose you'll be needing this.
I think I have it figured out.
Her father is a bank employee.
All she received was a slap on the wrist.
Although the United States has some of the most modern weapons in the world, it has won very few wars.
Italian Americans are famous for not being able to speak Italian. It's really a shame!
The centre will remain closed for two months during the summer.
Grandmother's passing away came as a great blow to the entire family.
I studied French for three years with a native speaker.
Who's the one who's writing this bullshit?
She's more popular than me.
He's more popular than me.
My computer stopped working a few days ago.
This book was a great bargain.
Beat the egg before putting it in the soup.
I can't stop thinking about him.
The machine was working at full blast.
How can I sleep when there are unknown lands within?
Mr David seems tired.
They discovered a very talented player during summer training.
The crime would have been perfect if the thief hadn't forgotten to wipe his fingerprints.
We tend to think that our time is really only ours on Sunday and during the holidays.
I would prefer to spend six months in jail rather than getting busted.
I was a second lieutenant in the special forces.
My telephone plan does not accept reverse charge calls.
Even a small amount of human blood in the water can attract sharks from miles away.
We're trying to cut down expenses.
